Hey guys before we deep dive into sea assessed transitions transformations and animations I would like
to take a quick pit stop and revisit selectors insists some of you might be wondering well why are we
just taking a quick pit stop and not for long two hour stop.
Well here's the thing.
Yes there are many more selectors names here says I am fully aware of that.
But here's my argument.
You want to use the RSS to make cool stuff right.
Web Search Applications and so on and so forth.
And to tell you honestly we can easily do all those things just by using simple selectors.
So I think it is much more productive that we cover only basic selectors start creating awesome stuff
and then if we need to get something very specific done and we need a very specific CSO selector for
that we can always go back and learn that selector.
So in this module we will refresh on selector basics as well as covers some other essentials CSF selectors.